c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\QR_Project_BL.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\obj\Debug\QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\obj\Debug\QR_Project_BL.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\avcodec-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\avdevice-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\avfilter-6.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\avformat-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\avutil-55.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\postproc-54.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\swresample-2.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\swscale-4.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\bin\Debug\zxing.presentation.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_Project_BL\obj\Debug\QR_Project_BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
