c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.exe.config
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.exe
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\WebEye.Controls.WinForms.WebCameraControl.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\WebEye.Controls.WinForms.WebCameraControl.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\Interop.WIA.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.Form1.resources
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.exe
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\obj\Debug\QR_CODE_PROJECT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\avcodec-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\avdevice-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\avfilter-6.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\avformat-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\avutil-55.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\postproc-54.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\swresample-2.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\swscale-4.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\zxing.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\QR_Project_BL.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\zxing.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\zxing.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\QR_CODE_PROJECT\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
