c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\avcodec-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\avdevice-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\avfilter-6.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\avformat-57.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\avutil-55.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\postproc-54.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\swresample-2.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\swscale-4.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.dll.config
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\TEST_QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\TEST_QR_Project_BL.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\AForge.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\zxing.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.Video.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\QR_Project_BL.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\AForge.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\zxing.pdb
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\zxing.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\bin\Release\Accord.Video.xml
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\obj\Release\TEST_QR_Project_BL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\obj\Release\TEST_QR_Project_BL.dll
c:\users\socac\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QR_CODE_PROJECT\TEST_QR_Project_BL\obj\Release\TEST_QR_Project_BL.pdb
